feat(event_handler): improved support for headers and cookies in v2 (#1455)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/event_handler/api_gateway.md

### Fine grained responses

> You can use the `Response` class to have full control over the response, for example you might want to add additional headers, cookies, or set a custom Content-type.

Author: pr:

```suggestion
You can use the `Response` class to have full control over the response. For example, you might want to add additional headers, cookies, or set a custom Content-type.
```

???+ info

>     Powertools serializes the headers and cookies according to the type of input event.

Author: pr:

```suggestion
    Powertools serializes headers and cookies according to the type of input event.
```

>     Some integrations require headers and cookies to be encoded as `multiValueHeaders`.

Author: pr:
```suggestion
    Some event sources require headers and cookies to be encoded as `multiValueHeaders`.
```

> ???+ warning

Author: pr:

```suggestion
???+ warning "Using multiple values for HTTP headers in ALB?"
```

>     If you use the ALB integration, make sure you [enable the multi value headers feature](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/lambda-functions.html#multi-value-headers) in order to fully support this feature.

Author: pr:

```suggestion
    Make sure you [enable the multi value headers feature](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/lambda-functions.html#multi-value-headers) to serialize response headers correctly.
```
